hello and welcome to custom amiibo
exhibit a show where we jump into the
amiibo community and find creations from
artists across the world a custom amiibo
can be anything from a repaint to a
newly sculpted character I'm your host
Kevin from TC pixel let's take a look
coming out of the testing chamber we
have portal man a submission on Twitter
from user Mordo this Blue Bomber seems
to have found his way into the Aperture
Science Enrichment Center from the
portal series the orange and blue colors
from the dual portals in the game are
cleverly used here from the lining on
the boots
to his multi-coloured eyes adding to the
arsenal the arm cannon which shoots all
sorts of projectiles now includes
portals for your convenience punching
into the latest release of new
characters and Super Smash Brothers for
the Wii U we now have some new forms for
our pink puffball friend Kirby created
by user dark dreamer
we have street fighter Ryu Kirby this
custom is simple just like its character
the individual hair strands eyebrows and
headband are all well sculpted and well
painted to form a clean custom quality
can always seemingly be expected from
our friend dark dreamer continuing with
the trend of new characters Lucas from
known artists gone - Criss materializes
even before Nintendo can get around to
it
the re-released Ness amiibo creates an
adaptable canvas for this character to
be made and boy does it look good the
hair the posture and even the iconic
snake are all here to form this
beautiful sculpture
with the recent release of the pac-man
amiibo one thing was bound to happen
a Miss pac-man was bound to happen
sure enough several were made right
around the release with varying features
all pointing back to the classic we all
know and love this particular variant by
user Cloud Walker zero happens to be my
personal favorite the addition of the
iconic bowtie makeup and mole are all
present making this a solid miss pac-man
entry going even further though the
artists added a pair of cherries just to
induce more flavor now you can play
dress up and make your pac-man's or
pac-man get married lovely put your
plumber hat on guys because the rest of
the amiibo are from Nintendo's number
one series Mario Brothers created by
user allies we have an 8-bit Mario it
looks like the original Mario statue has
been completely replaced by the stunning
work of art detailing it out we have
fire Mario from the original Mario
Brothers jumping on a green Koopa shell
whilst on top of some well-known ground
blocks probably the most iconic ground
blocks we know this would actually look
really great next to the upcoming
official 8-bit Mario included with Super
Mario maker so creativity can come in
many different ways
just like this custom Bowser led mod by
user
gam-gam it's a pretty simple creation
with some new electrical bells and
whistles included as you can see Bowser
now emits a light probably from the
flames he's about to shoot or blow
everywhere from the wide open up that
black and white speckled surface
that can be nothing other than from hey
rich you know from the custom lakitu in
episode 1 the latest custom of his put
on the counter is fire Mario and ice
Luigi accompanying the brothers is
custom packaging in the style of the
super mario line I must admit though it
does look very cool Mario Luigi figure
themselves appear to be from the world
Nintendo toy line so not custom sculpted
but they do have the additions of a fire
and ice ball it's hard to tell from the
lighting though but the Luigi a toy
appears to actually be a darker shade of
paint than the original that just might
be the picture itself though alright
guys to finish off the show today we
leave off with a great creation from one
of the GameCubes greatest titles
can you guess Super Mario Sunshine
created by user shed art we have a
custom Mario flood this variation of
Mario just looks so familiar and brings
you back to that time that just felt off
so good to be a Nintendo fan looking at
the amiibo in detail though we can see
the flood which is a backpack filled
with water that Mario can use to clean
up the city you can see a belt that
holds the machine in place and graffiti
splashes all over Mario Paint and mold
looks very very clean and well rounded
forming a very solid custom amiibo
yay episode number three we got through
it yeah we're through we're home we're
through
alright guys that concludes this episode
of custom amiibo exhibit if you have any
custom amiibo that you would like to see
on the show tweet them to me at ten
underscore dog with a bit of info and
you might just luck out and see your
custom amiibo on the next episode
personal thank you to everyone who had
your meal on the show today you did a
great job keep up the good work thank
you guys for watching as always like it
up subscribe it up and I will see you
all later peace